On June the 12th and Stuttgart sneaker
Stadium they will play the Republic of
Ireland who have reached the finals of a
major tournament for the first time
their manager is Jack Charlton a rock in
defense on the day England won the 1966
World Cup against West Germany and a
youthful Franz Beckenbauer but Irish
eyes have not been smiling all the way
to the finals they got off to a bad
start in Brussels conceding this goal to
Niko classy after a Frankie attack out
in corner
in the past it's a waveform which is
like the iris done not anymore
a diving header from Frank Stapleton
cuts his goalkeeper faff unsighted
in the second half Belgium break to put
pressure on goalkeeper Pat Bonner
pressure is awarded when Enzo sheeple
heads for victory for Belgium appear
secure
in the last minute Stapledon breaks away
and is brought down by far
we umbrella talks away the equalizing
penalty to the dismay of Belgium's
manager gt's
central to Ireland's success has been a
contribution of the Fort Liverpool
star's Liverpool players thrive and
success against Scotland and Glasgow
they play vital roles
Tony Galvin crosses and Aldrich heads
Natalie over the bar
a pass from Houghton Stapleton has
brought down
Ronson combats too quickly taking
fruitcake
when the Scots make a fight of it more
joints in this fall by Celtic goalkeeper
Bonner
the Irish hold on to the lead as Johnson
attacks again this time he shot is
blocked by Mick McAfee
the Irish erupted at the final whistle
Liam Brady was renowned a tassel and in
Italy as an inventive midfield artist
and Ireland's friendly against Brazil
pretty showed that when opportunity
arises he knows the way to go you can
bend them to the first-ever defeat in
Dublin
Freddie has been at the heart to buy
these Timbs for years here he starts the
moves
and finishes it off
it could have been - no John Bunyan
forges his way into the Brazilian
penalty area and then advances to send a
glancing header across the face of goal
luxembourg tiga shocked lead in the
qualifying tie and dublin the scorer
armand clings
the Irish attack orchestrated by Brady
i stir grains provides a cross for Frank
Stapleton to score his 18th Gophers
country
Porter Renault from the end offender
McGrath Bali's from the winner to take
Island at top of the group
my chess unit is Paul McGrath maybe one
of the finest defenders in the English
football league but as he emphasized
next time out against group favorites
Bulgaria he has it slow and coming
forward
as a vulgarians a Drebin bike manchester
united colleague Kevin Morton heads goal
number two
the mics didn't have a happy ending
Ducks referee yang Kaiser sends off Liam
Brady
you'll know miss islands first too much
he's in the finals it's an awkward
problem